Add a CRD sample (#1966)
karmada-io/karmada: samples/guestbook/README.md

> ## Propagate CRD application
> In the following steps, we are going to propagate a [Guestbook](https://book.kubebuilder.io/quick-start.html#create-a-project) of CRD type by Karmada.
> 
> 1. Create Guestbook CRD in Karmada
> > kubectl apply -f samples/guestbook/guestbooks-crd.yaml
> 
> 2. Create ClusterPropagationPolicy that will propagate Guestbook CRD to member cluster
> > kubectl apply -f samples/guestbook/guestbooks-clusterpropagationolicy.yaml
> 
> 3. Create a Guestbook named `guestbook-sample` in Karmada
> > kubectl apply -f samples/guestbook/guestbook.yaml
> 
> 4. Create PropagationPolicy that will propagate `guestbook-sample` to member cluster
> > kubectl apply -f samples/guestbook/guestbooks-propagationpolicy.yaml
> 
> 5. Check the `guestbook-sample` status from Karmada
> > kubectl get guestbook -oyaml
> 
> 6. Create OverridePolicy that will override the size field of `guestbook-sample` in member cluster
> > kubectl apply -f samples/guestbook/guestbooks-overridepolicy.yaml
> 
> 7. Check the size field of `guestbook-sample` from member cluster
> > export KUBECONFIG=~/.kube/members.config
> > 
> > kubectl config use-context member1
> > 
> > kubectl get guestbook -oyaml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Propagate CRD application

The following steps demonstrating how to propagate a
[Guestbook](https://book.kubebuilder.io/quick-start.html#create-a-project) which is defined by 
CRD.

Assume you are under the guestbook directory:
```bash
cd samples/guestbook
```
and set the KUBECONFIG environment with Karmada configuration:
```bash
export KUBECONFIG=/$Home/.kube/karmada.config
```

1. Create Guestbook CRD in Karmada
```bash
kubectl apply -f guestbooks-crd.yaml 
```
The CRD should be applied to `karmada-apiserver`.

2. Create ClusterPropagationPolicy that will propagate Guestbook CRD to member cluster
```bash
kubectl apply -f guestbooks-clusterpropagationolicy.yaml
```
The CRD will be propagated to member clusters according to the rules defined in `ClusterPropagationPolicy`.

> Note: We can only use `ClusterPropagationPolicy` not `PropagationPolicy` here.
> Please refer to FAQ [Difference between PropagationPolicy and ClusterPropagationPolicy](https://github.com/karmada-io/karmada/blob/master/docs/frequently-asked-questions.md#what-is-the-difference-between-propagationpolicy-and-clusterpropagationpolicy) 
> for more details.

3. Create a Guestbook named `guestbook-sample` in Karmada
```bash
kubectl apply -f guestbook.yaml
```

4. Create PropagationPolicy that will propagate `guestbook-sample` to member cluster
```bash
kubectl apply -f guestbooks-propagationpolicy.yaml
```

5. Check the `guestbook-sample` status from Karmada
```bash
kubectl get guestbook -oyaml
```

6. Create OverridePolicy that will override the size field of `guestbook-sample` in member cluster
```bash
kubectl apply -f guestbooks-overridepolicy.yaml
```

8. Check the size field of `guestbook-sample` from member cluster
```bash
kubectl --kubeconfig=${HOME}/.kube/members.config config use-context member1
kubectl --kubeconfig=${HOME}/.kube/members.config get guestbooks -o yaml
```

If it works as expected, the `.spec.size` will be `overwritten` to `4`.

```
